editing note about SQUID (#178)
CHTC/chtc-website-source: file-availability.md

## Important Considerations

> -   **DO NOT use `transfer_input_files` for files within `/staging`**
>     **or as direct file paths (not links) in `/squid`, as doing so will create severe performance issues for your**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **DO NOT use `transfer_input_files` for files within `/staging`;**
    **for files in `/squid` only `http` links (e.g. `http://proxy.chtc.wisc.edu/SQUID/username/file`) should be 
    used instead of direct file paths. These policies are in place to prevent severe performance issues for your**
```

Reviewer: just an alternative idea!
